Well, you don't have to,
'cause it's over.
Magnolia told me George
broke off the wedding--
what's going on?
I cheated on George.
Did you really think that
about me, that I'm
snobbish and shallow?
Yeah, I do.
Turns out that
Lemon wasn't my destiny,
so now it's my job
to go find out who
that destiny is.
What is that look
on your face?
Hope.
'Cause now I know that
George and I would be...
that we could
be great together.
* *
(knocking)
Uh...
Zoe?
Um...
George? One sec.
* *
(panting)
(sniffs, clears throat)
Come in!
(exhales)
(low groan)
Hi.
Hey.
Um, I'm...
sorry it's a little early.
I was just, uh...
I was kind of up all night
wanting to talk to you.
Here.
Thanks.
That's okay.
I-I'm glad you're here.
How did it go last
night with Lemon?
It was hard. Um...
I yelled a lot,
she cried... a lot,
and, uh... told her
the wedding was off.
You did?
Yeah. Yeah.
Uh, I'm sorry,
um, are you okay?
I will be.
We're gonna...
tell the minister in
a couple of hours,
and I think... making
it official will help.
Definitely.
Possibly. I mean,
I-I hope so.
(laughs): I'm sorry,
I'm flustered.
That's okay.
So am I.
Look, uh...
I can't stop thinking
about last night.
It was possibly the
best night of my life.
Me, too.
But, um...
we kind of got a
little swept away.
You know?
I know. We did.
We so did.
Yeah.
I'm just coming out of
a 15-year relationship,
so, you know, I was
thinking that maybe
jumping right into another
one might not be fair
for anyone...
Right.
And, um... you
know what they say:
you know, it's better
to be fair than not fair.
I think they say that.
Yeah, and this
is gonna sound
real clichéd, but...
I was just, um...
(sighs)
Maybe if it's okay
with you, uh, for now,
we could just stay friends?
Just...
Friends. Yeah.
Absolutely.
You know, uh, that is...
that is so the right thing,
and I was going
to suggest it, even.
GEORGE:
Great. Okay.
Oh. Hey, Tucker.
Didn't expect to see
you here so early.
I hope I'm not
interrupting.
Lavon, he-he injured
his ankle pretty badly,
so...
Yeah.
'Kay, I'll be
right there.
I guess I'll see
you around... pal.
Thanks for...
Yeah.
How on earth did you
fall out of a tree?
We were training
for the BlueBell Battle.
Yeah, and there's
$5,000 at stake.
And we got to be able
to do anything.
Bull riding, building
plantations out of macaroni,
eating bugs.
So what's the verdict,
he gonna be okay?
Wha... What,
you still ignoring me?
Ask her if you're gonna
be okay for the race.
Look, this is
ridiculous.
Zoe, can I be
in the race?
Nope.
Please?
No. You have
a bad sprain.
You have to keep it stable
until the swelling goes down.
This is great.
Thank you.
You know, everything
bad happens to me!
(sighs)
I have an idea.
How about to distract
you from your pain
we talk about what happened
to me this morning.
George came over.
Uh-huh.
He and Lemon
are calling off the wedding.
But he says that we just
have to stay friends for now.
I'm sorry?
I was upset
at first, because I know he felt
what I felt in New Orleans.
But then I realized
he said "for now,"
meaning in the future,
after a respectable
grieving period,
George and I will
finally be together.
Isn't that great?
Look, whenever I say anything
about you and George Tucker,
you either don't listen
to me or you get angry.
So from now on,
all I'm gonna say is...
"No comment."
Okay. That's fair.
But... how long
of a grieving period
do you think people need
after 15 years?
Couple weeks?
Oh, mm-mm.
A month?
Not-not two months.
Right? Lavon?
* *
Well, hello,
George, Lemon.
What brings you two
lovebirds here today?
Well, uh, Reverend
Mayfair, um...
Lemon and I have decided
to call off our wedding.
(laughs)
That's funny.
(stops
laughing)
Oh, you're not...
you're not kidding.
Uh, I'm sorry, I didn't
understand. Uh...
what happened?
Well, it's a long
story, and...
neither of us are looking
to point fingers right now.
We'd just,
well... (sighs)
like your advice on how
best to deal with this.
Well, I will help
in any way I can.
But let me
ask you, now,
is this something that the both
of you are certain you want?
LEMON:
No.
It's not what I want, Reverend,
it's not.
Lemon...
See, George is...
angry.
He is furious, and...
who can blame him?
He just found out that
I was having an affair.
Uh, what, now?
It was a year ago,
and it was a...
horrible mistake.
And I know that the wedding
is coming up in two weeks
and that may not be enough time
for George to forgive me,
but I will do anything
for another chance.
Well...
thank you for that, Lemon.
I know that wasn't easy.
George,
what Lemon did
was an enormous transgression,
one that I can't expect you
to take lightly,
but clearly, she
still loves you.
Now, is there
any hope that, in time,
you will be able
to forgive her?
This isn't about
forgiveness, Reverend,
this is about
our relationship,
and the foundation
of our relationship
is broken.
And...
(clears throat)
I don't know
if I love her anymore.
Now, now,
you "don't know."
Now, that's a key phrase.
George, you're in pain.
Pain, sometimes
it can cloud the truth,
which is why I cannot,
in good conscience,
let you end this without
at least trying counseling.
Now, just to find
some clarity,
please, just a few sessions.
* *
WADE:
Look, Tom,
I wouldn't be asking
if I weren't desperate.
But, uh...
what are your plans
for the BlueBell Battle?
Well, I was gonna be
one of those guys who
hands out orange slices.
I'm no good under pressure.
I choke.
(Tom gulps, chokes)
(coughs)
Hi, Wanda.
Hi. Hello.
I like your sweater, Tom.
The puppies really
bring out your eyes.
That's why my mom
got it for me.
I was wondering...
would you be my partner
for the BlueBell Battle?
(coughs)
Yes. Yes. Yes.
WANDA:
Great.
I'll see you then.
TANSY:
Bye.
(quietly):
Did you hear that?
That's our first date!
Yeah, I heard.
I am never washing
this sweater again!
(laughs)
I know how much you
want that prize money.
I wish I could do
the race with you.
Me, too.
That stupid rule
that says you got
to live in BlueBell.
Well, we'll just have to find
you the perfect partner.
Which, let's face it,
wasn't Tom Long, anyway.
What are you looking
for in a teammate?
Well... (clears throat)
my assets are, uh...
A) Know this town like
the back of my hand;
Mm-hmm.
B) Mechanical;
C) Wily;
Wily.
D) I can hold my breath
for three minutes,
you know that?
Oh.
But...
I'm not traditionally
book-smart, especially
when those books have
something to do with math.
And ideally, I'd find
a partner who, uh, has
good, fine motor skills,
'cause I can barely
thread a needle.
You need Zoe Hart.
(laughs)
She's a surgeon; she
can fit in small spaces.
You just have to make her
take off those heels.
Zoe Hart would never
be my partner.
Why?
Y-You're not still hung
up on her, are you?
No,
no, no, it's not that.
Uh...
she overheard me say some...
unkind-- but true--
things about her recently,
and, uh, well,
she's pissed at me.
Well, I can think of
5,000 reasons this is a
good time to apologize.
(quiet chuckle)
* *
ROSE:
Zoe!
Hi.
I have huge news.
Mm, what?
Okay, well,
as you know,
ever since Magnolia
broke up with
Frederick Dean,
I've been dropping
hints, hoping,
and yesterday he
finally asked me out.
Oh, whoo-hoo!
See? It was only
a matter of time before
these men pick the right girl.
I know. But there's
just one problem:
my mom won't let me
date till I'm 15.
Oh, no. I'm so sorry.
No, no, please,
you have to talk to her.
Tell her that there
is no sound reason
that I have to wait
for my arbitrary birthday
to live my life.
You're a doctor--
just tell her that this
can cause developmental issues.
Rose, no, I cannot interfere
with her parental decisions.
Please? My stomach
is in knots about this.
I can't even eat.
You of all people know
how I feel about Frederick Dean.
I... do know.
Yes, I know that... you
have waited patiently
for him to finally break up
with his girlfriend,
and you've dutifully been his
friend while he got over it.
And I know that now
it is...
your time to be happy.
So... yes, I will
talk to your mother.
Thank you, thank you,
thank you.
Hey, George.
Buddy.
How'd it go with the minister?
Well, not exactly
as planned.
He, um...
convinced us to do counseling.
Hey. Well, that's cool.
I think it's ridiculous myself,
but I don't know,
I guess there might be
some merit to it.
That... yeah.
I think that, uh, therapy
is a great idea.
Yeah. Yeah.
Well, thank you
for understanding
all this.
I'm real lucky to have
you in my life, Zoe.
Oh. (chuckles)
sighs)
(car horn honks)
(seagulls calling)
(birds singing)
(groaning)
Counseling never
works, right?
It's a well known fact.
Tony Soprano was in counseling
for, like, the entire series.
Did he stop
killing people? No.
And she was a really
good therapist.
No comment.
ZOE:
Whoa!
You can't just barge in here.
I'm with a patient.
It's Lavon.
But... you're right.
I apologize.
What do you want?
Look, I know
you're angry at me,
so, I'm sorry or whatever,
but I'm hoping
we can put that behind us
so you'll be my partner
in the race
tomorrow. I...
think we could be
a really good team.
(laughs)
That's funny.
That was a good one.
Oh, you're not joking?
(door closes,
Zoe sighs)
What is with that guy?
MAYFAIR:
I'm so glad that
you've both agreed to be here.
It's a huge step.
And, uh, with the wedding
right around the corner,
we have to try to do a lot
in a small amount of time.
Now, uh, you ready?
Yes.
Great.
Let's begin.
George...
I appreciate
what a kind heart you have.
I appreciate how selflessly
you give yourself
to anyone who's in need.
I appreciate
your sweet green eyes.
MAYFAIR:
That's wonderful, Lemon.
George, your turn.
Lemon...
...I appreciate
that you feel that way.
So, use the paddles to express
your emotions right now.
Go ahead.
Yeah, you know what,
Reverend?
Think there's got...
I... I think that this is not
possibly the-the best way to...
Let it out, George.
Let it out.
I think there's got to be...
there's got to be...
Go ahead.
...got to be
a better way.
There's just got
to be a better way.
Let it go.
Just-Just...
Just stop it!
(gasps)
Would you just, just stop?!
(whimpering)
(sighs)
(gasps)
Apparently, very mad
at that thing.
Well, no one said
this was going to be easy,
but I'd like you to try one
last thing before we give up.
Anything, anything.
No. Come on.
Anything.
Now, I know you two
are still signed up
for the BlueBell Battle.
I'd love for you
to go through with it.
Oh, yes.
Why on earth would we do that?
It's a day of working together,
communicating,
seeing what you can accomplish
as a team.
And, well, as metaphors go,
it's, uh,
pretty darn solid.
You know what? No.
I think it's
a great idea.
No, no and no.
It's a...
Yes, oh, yes.
Yes.
I-I...
Now, George, now,
I don't want to have
to play the big G card
on you here, but
I am your minister,
and I know that he
would want you to take one last
shot before you throw away
15 years of... of history.
(laughs)
Yeah, Irma,
just out of curiosity,
as one who loves facts
and figures,
what is the final day
that I can cancel the catering
for the wedding and, uh,
still get my money back?
Oh, yeah, as in two days
from now. I see, uh...
(door opens)
Oh, yeah, uh, just
keep taking those aspirin
every four hours, yeah.
Good-bye.
Lemonade!
Hi, Daddy.
You are looking
so much brighter.
Therapy is working!
He forgave you?
Well, not yet,
but he agreed
to do the BlueBell
Battle with me!
Oh. Well, that is great,
but the wedding...?
Well, I mean, technically it's
still off, but all tomorrow,
we will be working
in close quarters,
under extreme conditions,
and we will connect again.
And when we win, there's no
way that George will be able
to deny that we
still belong together.
BRICK:
That is just great...
Does the wall
have a murmur?
I was just listening
to a crazy termite
hatching a crazy plan
that absolutely will not work.
Okay. Well, do you need
to listen anymore?
Because we were supposed
to go talk to my mom.
Right. I'm coming.
Stupid Zoe Hart.
It's her loss,
because you're gonna
win that prize money, I'm sure.
You always got my back, Tans.
You know how
I'm gonna thank you?
I'm gonna take 30 bucks
out of that five K tomorrow,
and I'm gonna take you
for dinner after the race.
Why don't I cook dinner for you?
Just in case.
Well, all right, then.
My place it is.
(laughs)
WOMAN:
Hi, baby.
Hi.
Zoe, it's nice
to see you.
You, too.
Are you gonna be
joining us for dinner?
Oh, no, thanks.
I actually just want
to talk to you about Rose.
Oh, no! She doesn't have one
of those teenage scary things
that I've seen on The View?
Um, texting thumb,
or-or tanorexia?
No, no. I'm-I'm fine.
She's fine.
It's just
that this lovely young man
named Frederick Dean has asked
young Rose out on a date.
I know technically
she isn't allowed
till her birthday,
but I thought maybe you would
consider reconsidering.
He seems like a nice boy.
But a rule is a rule.
ZOE:
But you know,
what if Frederick and Rose
did the race tomorrow?
It's not a date,
and it is a fitness activity,
and it's completely in public.
Well, a race sounds
pretty harmless.
Fine. You win.
Thanks, Mom.
All right, well,
I'm gonna get us some menus.
You know, I love this place,
but the service is never
really more than a six.
A race? Really?
That's not what I had in
mind for my first date.
This is gonna be better!
You know, I used to do
this kind of stuff.
My mom would send me
to sleepaway camp, you know.
The stakes were high,
it was fun, but so intense.
You couldn't help but deeply
connect with your partner.
That's how a lot
of camp love affairs started.
I guess you're right.
I need to go take care
of something.
(clears throat)
Hi.
What?
Do you still need a partner
for that race thing tomorrow?
'Cause I was
thinking it actually
might be a good way for me
to drum up some patients.
I don't know.
I'll let you keep
all the money.
Done.
Great.
Believe me, Wade Kinsella,
we are going
to win everything we want.
(crowd chatter)
George, thank you again
for doing this for me.
LAVON:
Zoe,
what are you doing here?
I'm limbering up.
Don't want to
pull a hammy.
Why are you in this race?
Because I can't let Lemon
just weasel her way back
into George's heart.
I need to show George that
I am in this race, too.
So, that's why
I am joining the race.
It's a huge
gesture, Lavon!
There's no way
George could miss it.
No comment.
BRICK (over microphone):
Attention!
Attention, ladies
and gentlemen.
It's a great pleasure for me
to welcome everyone to our own
BlueBell Battle!
(applause, cheering
and whooping)
A series of challenges
that will test y'all
like you've never been
tested before.
And to the last team standing
goes the coveted Golden Bell
and $5,000.
(applause and cheering)
(Wade trills)
Is everyone ready?
Yeah.
Teams, on your mark.
(crowd chatter)
And...
Whoo!
Go, go, go, go, go!
(overlapping, excited chatter)
(cheering)
Go, go, go!
So we have to assemble
the wheelbarrow,
and then, the next clue
will be revealed.
Manual labor isn't
really my thing.
Dang instructions!
How do you even unfold...?
Oh, this might be the... Yup.
There it is.
I unfolded 'em!
Oh.
It's just a standard model.
Five and a half cubic
feet load capacity.
Let's go with the
three-quarter-inch hex bolt
and lock nut.
You're like the girl
of my dreams,
and the girl I made on
my computer all rolled into one.
LEMON:
See, this
isn't so bad.
It's such a
beautiful day!
It is just so nice
when two people can work
together in quiet
without all those pesky words.
What are you doing?!
The instructions say
to do that part later.
See? In Diagram 8H.
I don't do instructions,
all right, Doc?
Wade!
Just give me
a sec, okay?
Oh... Shoot!
I cannot believe you!
I was doing fine until...
until you come in here
with all your buzzing and
your bossing in my ear,
and suddenly, suddenly,
I'm distracted.
(whooping and applause)
We have to stop fighting, okay?
It's not getting us anywhere.
Neither is this
wheelbarrow.
LAVON:
Hey, Tansy.
Uh, come on in.
Come on in.
I'm sorry to bother you.
I was gonna make Wade
dinner tonight,
but his spice rack is basically
just some take-out
ketchup packets
and what hopefully
were old raisins.
I was wondering if I could
borrow your kitchen for a bit?
Oh, no problem.
Okay.
Happy for the company.
Laid up here
on injured reserve, so...
So, uh, you
and, uh, Wade and dinner?
Does that mean...?
He does really seem
to want to change.
Let's just hope wanting
is the same as doing.
I hear that.
So, what you making?
Chicken and
mashed potatoes.
Hmm.
But I want to make
a real fancy dessert,
like a parfait or a
soufflé, crème brûlée?
I don't know. Something "A."
I really want
to make it special.
Tansy, please don't take this
the wrong way, but, uh...
have you ever cooked before?
I'm kind of a take-out,
ketchup kind of girl myself.
Ah. (laughs)
Would you care for some help?
Only on the dessert.
Okay.
And the entree.
Okay, Zoe and Wade, welcome
to Challenge Number Four.
This is a multi-step event,
and you better get cracking,
'cause you're in eighth place!
All right,
let's go!
Doc, what are you doing?
Hurry up.
Oh, Rose, Frederick,
I hate to tell you this,
but you're the last to arrive.
That means you're out.
After only three events?
Darn it!
Yeah, shoot.
Hey, want to go to The Dixie
Stop and get a milkshake?
Okay!
ZOE:
So why is this prize money
so important to you anyway?
You're gonna
think it's stupid.
No, I won't.
I want to open
my own bar.
I was gonna use the
5K to start it up.
And, uh, you know...
with a little luck, maybe
turn it into something.
Go ahead. Laugh.
Why would I
laugh at that?
I think that's a really
good idea, Wade.
Good for you.
See, look at us.
The minister was right.
We have what it takes;
we're winning.
That just proves that
we can do anything if we try.
Look, all it proves
is that I'm motivated
to have this race end
as quickly as possible.
But George,
I mean, you can't deny
that we're still...
we're us.
Lemon, the us that you knew
doesn't exist anymore.
I know that, but...
And the fact that we make
a good Bluebell Battle team
doesn't change the fact
that you had an affair...
I know that...
or that I kissed
Zoe Hart in New Orleans.
I'm gonna get some more corn.
Hey, Wade...
do, um, Southern men
understand gestures?
Oh, depends on the gesture,
I guess.
Some of them, we get real well.
Like this big Bluebell race.
I mean, it's not
really my thing,
yet I did it.
That's a big deal, right?
So, you didn't
do this to get patients?
(laughs):
No.
Look, uh...
I-I think it's
still a little confusing.
Men don't do subtle, Doc.
I think you'd really better...
spell it out clearly for us.
You're right.
Thanks, Wade.
You're welcome.
LAVON:
Slice and bake cookies
are genius.
You slice, you bake, bam!
I can handle that.
And we got
a lot of wine.
'Cause a lot of wine will
make any meal taste better.
TANSY:
Wade!
How's it going?
Hey, w-we're
coming on strong.
Uh, Tans, I got to cancel
the dinner plans tonight.
I'm sorry, but,
uh, you know,
there's like this
after party thing
for all the contestants
at the Rammer Jammer.
So, you know, I should be there,
as the winner.
(laughs)
Uh, rain check?
No biggie. Good luck.
All right. Thanks.
I'll see you
guys later. Bye.
(quiet laugh)
WADE:
Thank you, miss.
Chop sticks,
extra napkins.
Hey.
Why'd cancel on Tansy like that?
Lavon,
something is happening with Zoe.
I don't know exactly
how to explain it.
But it's like finally
we're clicking.
You and Zoe?
I-I know. I know
it sounds crazy,
but trust me, all right?
All right, wish me luck.
All right.
All right, I'll
see you later. Bye.
Wish me luck!
WADE:
Whoo-hoo-hoo-hoo!
Good luck.
Whoa, Doc. You sewed that fast.
Fastest whip stitch
in three counties.
Don't slow down now.
I got to get more hay.
I'll be right back.
Okay.
Zoe,
Hey.
I need to talk to you.
I-I know you're
trying to make some...
big gesture to George
by competing in this race...
I know what you're gonna say,
and I totally agree.
That was a crazy plan.
Yes, it was.
I'm, uh, glad
you see that 'cause...
'Cause a gesture
isn't gonna be enough.
George won't know
how I feel
unless I spell it out for him,
so the first moment he's alone,
I'm gonna lay it
all on the line.
Look, Zoe, I know
how you feel about George,
but you're in this contest
with Wade.
I don't want to see him
get hurt.
Why would he get hurt?
We are working
so well together today.
We might even win
the money for his bar.
Zoe...
I-I really don't get
how you still don't know this.
But Wade...
likes you.
What?!
No. Okay, maybe, maybe
he did before,
but not anymore--
definitely not.
Just be careful
'cause he's a good guy.
And he really has no clue
that you're
only working with him
to get to someone else.
WADE:
Hey, Doc! Doc!
You'll never believe it.
Ben and Babs Foster, donezo.
You and me, third place.
And it's all thanks
to your,
you know,
quick surgeon sewing.
See y'all later.
WADE:
All right.
(loud slurping)
Hey,
did you know that
astronauts can't belch?
Well, in space.
On land, they can.
You gonna drink that shake?
Okay.
It's a really nice night,
isn't it?
Look how clear that sky is.
Yeah.
Yeah, it is.
Do you know what
this is a perfect night for?
Taking a moonlight walk
and gazing at the stars?
Night fishing.
We should go to
Old Babcock Pond.
It'll be great.
Night fishing?
Sure. Yeah, let's go
catch some fish.
(loud slurping)
All right.
We have our rod.
All we have to do now
is use this to get the
magnetic fish off the church,
and we win this
whole thing, Tom.
Five thousand dollars.
You did it!
You did it all!
I'm so sorry.
I feel like I've hogged
all the activities.
It's one downside
to being the only girl
in a family of five boys.
So this one...
you should do.
Me?
Yeah.
Me.
I forgive you
for kissing Zoe Hart.
You what?
You were lashing out
because you were...
hurt and you were angry.
And it's...
it's understandable.
You got to be kidding me.
What?
George, please
just talk to me...
I don't know, it's just,
you know,
ever since Zoe gets to town,
you have been worried
that something's
gonna happen between us.
And then
I tell you that
I kissed her...
and you don't care.
What?! No.
I didn't say
I didn't care, George.
Lemon,
are you so obsessed
we're having this wedding
that you can't see
that we have real problems here?
I am obsessed with the wedding
because I want to marry you,
George.
All right? I love you.
Yeah, all right. Guess what?
Love...
it ain't gonna
fix anything anymore.
Because our
relationship
should be just... it's...
(snap)
It's broken.
(quiet laugh)
I don't want it to go
to your head or anything, but...
I really appreciate
you being out here.
I couldn't have made it
this far without you.
Boy, you're
complimenting me?
What, are you sick
or dying or something?
Zoe, I think I need to
spell something out for you
pretty clearly.
Uh, well,
I tried to take you
to the airport once
to tell you there.
I tried to tell you
a few different times, but...
I guess I'm just gonna
come right out and say it.
ROSE:
Zoe!
I need you.
Rose,
you're a little pale.
Is everything okay?
ROSE:
No. Everything
is not okay.
The date is going terribly.
Fredrick Dean wants
to go to Old Babcock Pond
to catch fish.
Rose:
I'm wearing a new dress.
Do I look like
I want to dig for worms?
Ew. No.
I know!
Um, hello.
Ladies, seriously?
Old Babcock Pond is, like,
a legendary make out spot.
Fredrick Dean asked you
to go there so he could,
you know, get all up
in your tonsils.
Oh, my God.
Wait, are you serious?
Zoe, I've never
kissed anyone before.
No. I'm so nervous,
I feel sick.
My stomach hurts so bad.
I can't do this.
Rose, those
are just butterflies.
The question is, do you want
to kiss Fredrick Dean or not?
Of course I do.
Then go make it happen.
Okay.
All right. Okay.
Okay!
Whoa. Whoa.
Hey, hey, hey.
WADE:
Hey, Tom Long
is totally choking over there.
What if you...
I know.
We have a chance
to actually win this thing.
I need to go get
a Phillips Head screwdriver.
I'll be, I'll be
right back. Okay?
Hold on.
I'll be right back!
George, where are you going?
Tell the judges we're out.
Our rod's broken.
We can't win now.
Hey,
don't you quit on me,
George Tucker.
You may not love me right now,
but I have enough love
for the both of us.
Enough love to
get us through this
until you can learn
to forgive me
and love me again,
all right? All right,
I'm not finished with you,
George.
And I'm willing to do
anything that it takes
to win you back.
(whispers):
Now.
Tell him now.
Crap.
ZOE:
George!
Hey.
ZOE:
Look, here's the thing.
I lied before.
I don't want to be just friends.
I joined this race
to fight for you.
(quiet laugh)
Zoe...
I know.
I know it's such bad timing...
but I want you to know
that I'll wait for you.
I'll wait, no matter
how long it takes.
Just please don't
get back with Lemon.
'Cause George...
(nervous laugh)
BRICK:
Lemon!
Honey, what are you
doing up there? Come on down.
BRICK: Lemon, Come on,
get down from there.
You're gonna break your neck.
No! I'm not
giving up on us, George.
I'm gonna get that
fish and we're gonna
win this race!
ZOE:
Wade!
50 screws and bolts
all over the grass--
we're never gonna win now.
Let me help you.
No, just stop, okay?
Just stop!
Forget about it.
There's no point, okay?
There's no point!
It's over.
And thank you for
costing me $5,000.
Thank you for that.
Wade, I-I'm so sorry.
I cannot believe...
that I didn't see this
from the beginning.
You never wanted to help me.
The only thing you wanted
was what you always do.
Him.
And you are...
you are so obsessed
with getting what you want,
you don't care who you
hurt along the way.
Well, let me tell you
something, Zoe Hart,
George Tucker and Lemon Breeland
are getting married.
That is how
this story ends.
Why does everyone in this town
see that but you?
GEORGE:
Lemon, come on,
get down from there.
You're starting
to give people a scare.
(Lemon gasps)
GEORGE:
Lemon! Lemon!
(gasps, laughs)
LEMON:
George... I'm gonna fall.
No, Lemon, listen to me,
you're not gonna fall.
I think I'm gonna fall.
Just-just slide back
towards the roof, okay?
Just-just one step at a time;
you can do this.
LEMON:
I can't move, George!
I can't move.
Okay...
okay, Lemon, you stay
right there, you hang on.
I'm-I'm coming.
I'm coming.
LEMON: Hurry, George!
George, hurry, please!
(grunts)
Hurry!
You know, most people
don't know it,
but you actually catch
better fish at night.
Particularly spotted
bass. And...
spotted bass like
to eat worms...
Oh, my gosh. Frederick,
I thought we were on a date.
We are. Right?
Then why are we talking
about fish and worms?
I-I thought you liked
science, and...
I wanted you to know
I respect you,
as a woman.
I didn't want you
to think I just
wanted to take you out here
to kiss you or something.
But we're on a date,
and I've been sitting here
all night with a stomachache
waiting for you to kiss me.
Really?
Yeah.
(sobbing)
Okay, Lemon,
I'm here.
I'm here. Okay.
George...
All right, Lemon,
I'm right here.
You feel my hand?
Okay.
One step at a
time. Just...
slide this way.
Oh, God... (trembling)
(sighs)
Right in here.
All right.
Oh, God...
GEORGE:
Come on.
(gasping breaths)
(panting)
George, the fish.
(laughs)
(panting)
* *
He's going...
he's going
for the fish.
George?
* *
(cheering, applause)
Come on...
(grunts)
Okay.
(crowd chatter, whooping)
(laughing)
(Lemon laughing,
talking indistinctly)
* *
So, I hear the race
was pretty interesting.
Yeah.
(chuckles)
Okay.
There might be still be
something between us.
Maybe. I...
Look, George...
Lemon made a mistake, and she's
gonna continue to make them,
as will you.
So I ask you, now,
when you saw her
up on that roof,
what were you thinking?
I was just thinking,
uh...
"Please, God, do not let
anything happen to her."
Because if something
did, then...
(laughs softly)
* *
I'm sorry I let you down.
I choked.
I'm a choking hazard.
You didn't let me down, Tom.
I didn't care about the race.
I just wanted to be with you.
Really?
Yes, really!
I think you're wonderful...
Tom Long.
* *
Hey.
I just wanted to thank you
for everything tonight.
And...
to say good-bye.
I'm not gonna be hanging out
in BlueBell anymore.
Wha... Really?
Come on, Lavon, I know
why Wade canceled on me.
It's my fault.
I'm the one who suggested
Wade ask Zoe to be his partner.
I think I did it to see
how he felt about her.
And... now I know.
Well, Tans, I have suffered
the same ailment--
wanting someone who...
simply is not good for me.
(snaps fingers)
But... I can help you.
Okay?
Well... how?
Make a list of
every reason
you and Wade should
not be together.
All right?
Okay.
(clears throat softly)
"Emotionally unavailable...
"rigid and icy,
doesn't like
to cuddle..."
Oh, oh... (chuckles)
Sorry. That's mine. Heh.
(clears throat)
(giggles)
Yeah.
There. Go on,
purge away.
Okay.
One-- Insensitive.
Good.
Two--
Bad taste in movies.
That's a good one.
Yeah, I'm gonna
add that one to my list.
Okay.
Three--
Immature.
(door closes)
Hey, Wade.
You okay?
Tansy,
I am so sorry
I cancelled on you.
What are y'all writing?
A list of your
negative qualities.
Gonna help me get over
you once and for all.
12-- Your bathroom
is disgusting.
Mm.
13) Your socks
are everywhere!
Hey, that's just 'cause
I have a hard time
finding the right
match. Now, hold...
This is mean.
Yeah, but it really works.
(chuckles):
Yeah.
Give me a notebook.
Well, all right.
Let's get this
purging party started.
(chuckles)
(clears throat)
Selfish.
Stupid shorts.
(knocking)
* *
Hey. Can I...?
Hey.
Sure.
* *
Uh...
Zoe, look...
You don't have to say it.
I know. I saw.
You're getting back
together with Lemon.
Yeah, and I know
it probably seems insane...
George... it's fine.
You made your choice.
It's just that, um...
Lemon...
she's a part of me,
and we owe it to each other
to try and make this thing work.
Because you love her?
That's the thing.
I do.
ZOE:
It's horrible,
Lavon!
Oh, hey, Tansy.
Wade, I am so sorry.
Zoe, I-I'm sorry, we're right
in the middle of something.
Now, I told you
how he felt,
and I told you not
to mess with him.
Couldn't have
been more clear.
Y-You can't be here
right now.
* *
(phone rings)
Brick, is everything okay?
* *
Okay, thanks.
Hey.
Apparently, she was
in the woods with Frederick,
she complained of stomachache,
and then she collapsed.
He carried her
all the way back here.
Her appendix?
Yeah, Zoe, it burst.
Oh, my God.
Rose, Annie,
I'm here.
Oh, no, you are
not coming with us.
I knew I shouldn't
have let her go
on that date
with this boy tonight.
You said she would be fine!
(engine starts)
(siren wailing)
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org